---
id: requestlistoptions
title: RequestListOptions
---

<a name="RequestListOptions"></a>

**Properties**

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Param</th><th>Type</th><th>Default</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><code>sources</code></td><td><code>Array<(RequestOptions|Request)></code></td><td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="3"><p>An array of sources of URLs for the <code>RequestList</code>. It can be either an array of plain objects that
 define the <code>url</code> property, or an array of instances of the <a href="request"><code>Request</code></a> class.
 Additionally, the <code>requestsFromUrl</code> property may be used instead of <code>url</code>,
 which will instruct <code>RequestList</code> to download the source URLs from a given remote location.
 The URLs will be parsed from the received response.</p>
<pre><code>[
    // A single URL
    { method: &#39;GET&#39;, url: &#39;http://example.com/a/b&#39; },

    // Batch import of URLs from a file hosted on the web,
    // where the URLs should be requested using the HTTP POST request
    { method: &#39;POST&#39;, requestsFromUrl: &#39;http://example.com/urls.txt&#39; },

    // Batch import from remote file, using a specific regular expression to extract the URLs.
    { requestsFromUrl: &#39;http://example.com/urls.txt&#39;, regex: /https:\/\/example.com\/.+/ },

    // Get list of URLs from a Google Sheets document. Just add &quot;/gviz/tq?tqx=out:csv&quot; to the Google Sheet URL.
    // For details, see https://help.apify.com/en/articles/2906022-scraping-a-list-of-urls-from-a-google-sheets-document
    { requestsFromUrl: &#39;https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GA5sSQhQjB_REes8I5IKg31S-TuRcznWOPjcpNqtxmU/gviz/tq?tqx=out:csv&#39; }

]</code></pre></td></tr><tr>

<td><code>[persistStateKey]</code></td><td><code>String</code></td><td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="3"><p>Identifies the key in the default key-value store under which <code>RequestList</code> periodically stores its
  state (i.e. which URLs were crawled and which not).
  If the actor is restarted, <code>RequestList</code> will read the state
  and continue where it left off.</p>
<p>  If <code>persistStateKey</code> is not set, <code>RequestList</code> will always start from the beginning,
  and all the source URLs will be crawled again.</p>
</td></tr><tr>
<td><code>[persistSourcesKey]</code></td><td><code>String</code></td><td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="3"><p>Identifies the key in the default key-value store under which the <code>RequestList</code> persists its
  sources (i.e. the lists of URLs) during the <a href="#RequestList+initialize"><code>initialize</code></a> call.
  This is necessary if <code>persistStateKey</code> is set and the source URLs might potentially change,
  to ensure consistency of the source URLs and state object. However, it comes with some storage and performance overheads.</p>
<p>  If <code>persistSourcesKey</code> is not set, <a href="#RequestList+initialize"><code>initialize</code></a> will always fetch the sources
  from their origin, check that they are consistent with the restored state (if any)
  and throw an error if they are not.</p>
</td></tr><tr>
<td><code>[state]</code></td><td><code><a href="../typedefs/requestliststate">RequestListState</a></code></td><td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="3"><p>The state object that the <code>RequestList</code> will be initialized from.
  It is in the form as returned by <code>RequestList.getState()</code>, such as follows:</p>
<pre><code>{
    nextIndex: 5,
    nextUniqueKey: &#39;unique-key-5&#39;
    inProgress: {
        &#39;unique-key-1&#39;: true,
        &#39;unique-key-4&#39;: true,
    },
}</code></pre><p>  Note that the preferred (and simpler) way to persist the state of crawling of the <code>RequestList</code>
  is to use the <code>stateKeyPrefix</code> parameter instead.</p>
</td></tr><tr>
<td><code>[keepDuplicateUrls]</code></td><td><code>Boolean</code></td><td><code>false</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="3"><p>By default, <code>RequestList</code> will deduplicate the provided URLs. Default deduplication is based
  on the <code>uniqueKey</code> property of passed source <a href="request"><code>Request</code></a> objects.</p>
<p>  If the property is not present, it is generated by normalizing the URL. If present, it is kept intact.
  In any case, only one request per <code>uniqueKey</code> is added to the <code>RequestList</code> resulting in removal
  of duplicate URLs / unique keys.</p>
<p>  Setting <code>keepDuplicateUrls</code> to <code>true</code> will append an additional identifier to the <code>uniqueKey</code>
  of each request that does not already include a <code>uniqueKey</code>. Therefore, duplicate
  URLs will be kept in the list. It does not protect the user from having duplicates in user set
  <code>uniqueKey</code>s however. It is the user&#39;s responsibility to ensure uniqueness of their unique keys
  if they wish to keep more than just a single copy in the <code>RequestList</code>.</p>
</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
